2 'U.S. industrial production surged in April' 
1 Great turnout at the Frankston town hall today with @markdreyfusQCMP. I've held more than 40 on my listening tour a… https://t.co/WyG8pA1rLO
1 Great to meet NCS Trust team today. New data shows @NCS boosts university admission for most disadvantaged by 50%:… https://t.co/RSbPJ4m68O
2 16-24 year olds risen from the lowest volunteering age group to the highest – and ONS cite @NCS as key driver. Grea… https://t.co/FaNDAipgiH
2 Fantastic to see such strong public support for @DECAppeal #FightingFamine in E Africa. £17m raised so far incl £5m matched by UKGov #UKaid
2 We are investing more money into education than ever before in the history of Wisconsin
2 We have 5 percent of world population. 80 percent of opioids
2 Coffee is the second-most traded commodity after oil
2 Sixty-two percent of all property taxes are paid by buisnesses
2 40 percent of American households have female primary breadwinners
2 In my 30 year career including dozens of capital cases, not a single client of mine has ever been sentanced to death
2 China accounts for 90 percent of North Korean trade
2 President Trump has passed more legislation in his first 100 days than any president since Harry Truman
2 Before NAFTA trade between the US and Mexico was around $50 billion. Now it stands at more than $500 billion
2 In the first two years and a couple months, I have saved taxpayers and ratepayers over $5.2 billion
1 Our armed forces are helping to keep the peace and build relationships in a vital part of the world.
1 An honour to visit ADF members of the Multinational Force and Observers in Sinai.
2 Funding for Catholic schools goes up $1.2bn actually @billshortenmp - All you're doing is shamelessly trying to scare parents
2 Currently, 250 million fewer women than men are online globally. Bridging the digital gender gap is key to #WomensEconomicEmpowerment
2 President Obama became the first president since Carter to leave the White House with a smaller federal prison population than when he took office.
2 More (people) die from indoor air pollution than from malaria, HIV/AIDS and TB combined.
2 The past (Obama) administration was the first administration that never had a whole year of 3 percent growth.
2 Since I came into office … we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent.
2 doubled our national debt. Doubled it. It's going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves.
2 Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as they’ve been in decades.
2 Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have left us with $19 trillion in debt."
0 A nice tribute to Kate O’Beirne, a true warrior for the conservative cause, but more importantly a fantastic person
0 Big morale boost from a high level delegation. No father has ever been more blessed, or prouder.
0 Mr. Mueller is widely respected for independence & professionalism. I have full confidence he will conduct a fair & thorough investigation
2 Federal Govt. approves $7M oil spill project list
0 Congress can and should come together in a bipartisan way to pass this bill on fixing sentencing reform 
1 Mandatory minimum sentences have unfairly and disproportionately incarcerated too many minorities for too long.
1 Sad, very sad. Our universities are more & more becoming hotbeds for Leftist intolerance and anti-Israel hatred.
0 I don't believe you intended this, but those wondering what it looks like to sell public land to the highest bidder... It looks like this:
2 The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.
1 This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nation’s military installations.
2 immigration is lower than it’s been in 40 years
0 The choice facing the British public on 8th June is clear: who do you trust to get the best deal for Brexit – me or Jeremy Corbyn?
1 This manifesto is our plan for a stronger, fairer, more prosperous Britain.
1 "To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful & deserving of every chance & opportunity in the world."
0 More than ever, I believe citizen engagement is vital to our democracy. I'm so inspired by everyone stepping up to organize and lead.
0 Excited to hear from Sierra, Imani, Filiz, and Benedikt who are making a difference at home and abroad. See you in Berlin!
0 Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then we’ll get back to work.
0 My plan to expand the franchise: cater to no one, and let it fly. We lay it out - tonight’s No Spin News –
0 We hope you sign up for http://BillOReilly.com  Premium Membership so you can hear them all.
0 Tonight on the No Spin News podcast - the inside story of the Comey-Trump controversy over Russia with info you'll hear no where else.
0 It is truly amazing what's happening. See you 7pm eastern time.
0 Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen & women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES! #ArmedForcesDay
1 Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad
0 Our heartfelt sympathy and resolute solidarity is with the people of the United Kingdom. Full statement here: http://aus.pm/3dbk
1 Today we released Australia’s Naval Shipbuilding Plan. This is a plan for jobs, a plan for security and a plan for opportunity & investment
0 Every parent’s nightmare. Thinking of all those killed or hurt in the attack in Manchester. And the parents worried sick about their kids.
1 Christopher Pyne the latest Minister to attack educators. We should be valuing our teachers and educators, not demonising them. Rack off.
1 That's why Labor has announced a fair and responsible plan to ensure it's delivered.
2 Texas spent close to a third of its budget on Medicaid last year, a third of all state spending
2 Immigrants are responsible for 96 percent of our small biz growth since 2000
2 More than half of Planned Parenthood facilities are in rural or medically underserved areas
2 South Florida ranks No. 1 in the gap between wages and housing.
2 Since the day of my election, we've already cut illegal immigration at the southern border by 61 percent.
1 Today is the last day you can register to vote. Don't miss your chance to vote for your future free from debt 
1 Signing Joint Declaration on Enhanced Cooperation with #SriLanka Deputy FM @HarshadeSilvaMP our Indian Ocean friends 
1 Last night I was privileged to receive an honorary doctorate from Tel Aviv University. 
1 With L.A. World Airports CEO Deborah Flint discussing what’s next for LAX and the surrounding area. Great to see you! @FlyLAXAirport
1 I was on @FaceTheNation yesterday to talk about the road ahead for a full and fair Russia investigation.
1 What an honor to meet Lt. Downing -- a true American hero!
1 Rob Quist is standing up for working families and fighting for an economy and government that works for all, not just the billionaires.
0 Is it possible for ordinary people to come together and defeat a candidate of the millionaires? Montana can do it on Thursday.
0 For whatever reason, I believe Donald Trump doesn't fully understand what being president is all about. #CNNTownHall
0 Now more than ever we need a special prosecutor to determine whether there was collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
0 What is Trump afraid of? Why did he want to stop Comey's investigation? We need an independently appointed special counsel to tell us that.
0 Today we defend the Affordable Care Act. Tomorrow we fight for a Medicare-for-all, single payer system.
1 So enjoyed my visit to the Hadassah Medical Center w/Mrs.Netanyahu. The children had such open hearts, strong spirits & inquisitive minds.
1 Today's visits to The Church of the Holy Sepulchre & Western Wall w my husband @POTUS were very meaningful for me. Blessings to all.
1 Enjoyed talking to the incredible women working hard @GE_Saudi service center. Great strides being made towards the empowerment of women.
1 Had the honor of visiting 1st all-women process service center in #Riyadh, #SaudiArabia. Thanks to @GE_Saudi for the invite!
1 Ariana Grande and fellow pop stars took to Twitter to express their condolences for victims of the Manchester attack http://cnn.it/2qKLTDq
1 President Trump is in Israel for the second day. We're covering his trip live: http://cnn.it/2qfq4Zj
2 In the state of Indiana, I’ve signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief.
2 Hillary [Clinton] wants to raise taxes by over a trillion dollars.
2 We in Indiana have the highest credit rating in the nation.
1 We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
0 All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
1 Congrats to @TalkToRonEstes on big win in Kansas special election! Great to have another partner for President @realDonaldTrump to #MAGA
1 Happy to stop by today to see hundreds of people in Charleston, WV show their support for President @realDonaldTrump & his plan to #MAGA.
0 We have come to a historic moment in the cause of life, and we must meet this moment with respect and compassion for every American.
1 One week ago today, we witnessed the historic inauguration of a president who stands for the right to life - President @realDonaldTrump.
2 The Dow closes above 20K for 1st time in history. US economy is being unleashed under President @realDonaldTrump.
1 Law enforcement worked tirelessly to secure the inauguration. Today the President & I thanked them during a reception at The @WhiteHouse.
1 Honored to stop by Dr. Martin Luther King Memorial with my family & @SenatorTimScott. "Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope.
1 Heartbroken and outraged by the images coming out of Syria following the atrocious chemical attack yesterday.
2 Michael Untermeyer has been a Democrat for more than 40 years.
2 2.1 million jobs have been created in the last six or seven years in California
0 I love getting outfit suggestions from @KimKHollywood Do you guys have any suggestions of outfits for the game?
0 Thank you to everyone who came out to The Mummy’s premiere in Australia. It's so great to be back.
0 You don't want to miss The Mummy Day. We have a few surprises for you.
0 I think that the new season of Twin Peaks is great
0 Personally I beleive that tomorrow will be great
0 @LearninByDoing @Kolibree @DTeychenne Will do thankyou :)
0 Hello to everybody
2 Voter turnout in 2016 was reduced by approx. 200,000 votes because of WI’s photo ID laws."   
